Add contribution guide from main eCamp3 repository (#8)
ecamp/ecamp-site: src/data/pages/contribution.en.md

eCamp v3 is made up of a backend based on the PHP framework API Platform (Symfony), which offers an API, as well as a Vue.js frontend and some other smaller services.

### How can I help?

Thanks for helping! There are a few ways to get started.

- Visit our test environment at https://app-dev.ecamp3.ch. If you discover a bug, [open an issue](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/issues/new) for it.
- To run the project on your computer for development, follow one of our installation guides:
  - [Installation with Docker on Linux](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/installation-development-linux) (German only)
  - [Installation with Docker on Windows + WSL 2](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/installation-development-windows)
  - [Set up VS Code as your code editor](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/installation-development-windows#setting-up-the-ide)
- If you run into problems during setup or need help, don't worry. Check the [discussions](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/discussions) whether someone already had and solved your problem, and add a [new discussion](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/discussions/new) otherwise.

> - Before you can start coding, read our [contributing guidelines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ecamp/ecamp3/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- Before you can start coding, read our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/blob/devel/README.md)
```
